c:\users\koyuki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoBuses\ProyectoBuses\bin\Debug\ProyectoBuses.exe.config
c:\users\koyuki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoBuses\ProyectoBuses\obj\Debug\ProyectoBuses.Form1.resources
c:\users\koyuki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoBuses\ProyectoBuses\obj\Debug\ProyectoBuses.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\koyuki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoBuses\ProyectoBuses\obj\Debug\ProyectoBuses.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\koyuki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoBuses\ProyectoBuses\bin\Debug\ProyectoBuses.exe
c:\users\koyuki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoBuses\ProyectoBuses\bin\Debug\ProyectoBuses.pdb
c:\users\koyuki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoBuses\ProyectoBuses\obj\Debug\ProyectoBuses.exe
c:\users\koyuki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoBuses\ProyectoBuses\obj\Debug\ProyectoBuses.pdb
c:\users\koyuki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoBuses\ProyectoBuses\obj\Debug\ProyectoBuses.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\koyuki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoBuses\ProyectoBuses\obj\Debug\ProyectoBuses.MantConductor.resources
c:\users\koyuki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoBuses\ProyectoBuses\obj\Debug\ProyectoBuses.MantUsuarios.resources
c:\users\koyuki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoBuses\ProyectoBuses\obj\Debug\ProyectoBuses.Menu.resources
c:\users\koyuki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoBuses\ProyectoBuses\obj\Debug\ProyectoBuses.MantVendedor.resources
c:\users\koyuki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoBuses\ProyectoBuses\obj\Debug\ProyectoBuses.MenuNormal.resources
C:\Users\Koyuki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoBuses\ProyectoBuses\obj\Debug\ProyectoBuses.MantCiudad.resources
C:\Users\Koyuki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoBuses\ProyectoBuses\obj\Debug\ProyectoBuses.MantHorario.resources
C:\Users\Koyuki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoBuses\ProyectoBuses\obj\Debug\ProyectoBuses.MantBus.resources
C:\Users\Koyuki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoBuses\ProyectoBuses\obj\Debug\ProyectoBuses.MantCliente.resources
C:\Users\Koyuki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoBuses\ProyectoBuses\obj\Debug\ProyectoBuses.AgregarBoleta.resources
C:\Users\Koyuki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoBuses\ProyectoBuses\obj\Debug\ProyectoBuses.ListaBoletas.resources
C:\Users\Koyuki\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProyectoBuses\ProyectoBuses\obj\Debug\ProyectoBuses.Comprobante.resources
